Gree AC 1.5 Ton । GS-18LM410 । Non Inverter- Official

Note: Stor Picup offer

★ Intake Box & Official Warranty Card.
★ Delivery Paid.
★ Installation Paid.
★ 12 Ft Cable & Copper pipe free.  

✅ OFFICIAL WARRANT :
⦁Compressor: 5 Years Warranty
⦁Spare Parts: 1 Year
⦁Free Service: 1 Year...


Gree Ac Price 1.5 Ton. Gree ac price in Bangladesh

Specification: Gree Ac Price 1.5 Ton

Model: GS18LM410
Cold Plasma Generator (18,000 BTU)
Golden Fin Condenser
Powerful & Tropical Compressor
I Feel
Comfortable Sleeping Modes
Automatic Drying Operation
Self Diagnosis On Off timer
Removable Washable Panel
Integrated Design
Copper Pipe Efficient & Quiet Design
Product Specifications: Gree Ac Price 1.5 Ton
ENJOY THE AUTO CLEAN FUNCTION
The auto-clean function will prevent the growth of harmful microorganisms by eliminating the moisture inside of the indoor unit. Your indoor unit evaporates the moisture inside of the unit. Activate this function to provide you with more clean and healthier air.

AC WITH I-FEEL FEATURE
‘I Feel‘ feature incorporates two temperature sensors, one on the unit and the other on the remote handset. In this mode, the indoor blower in an AC runs for a few minutes even after the air conditioner is switched off. This helps keep the indoor coil dry and prevents dust or mold accumulation.

INTELLIGENT DEFROST TECHNOLOGY
Reduces energy loss and defrost time by only defrosting when needed instead of by a set timer.

COMFORTABLE SLEEPING MODE
The sleep mode on an air conditioner is designed to give you comfort during your sleep by increasing the temperature every hour as you require less cooling while asleep as your body gets cold.

Technical Specification: Gree Ac Price 1.5 Ton
Energy saving	3* Non Inverter
Function	Cooling
Capacity BTU/hr	18000
Cooling Power Input (Watt)	1832
Rated Input Power (W)	2100
COP/EER (w/w)	2.88
Power Supply (phase/voltage (V) /frequency (Hz) /current (A)	Single/220-240/ 50Hz
Air Circulation (m3/h)	810-1000 (max)
Compressor Type	Rotary
Refrigerant Type	R410A
Noise Level (dB) Indoor/Outdoor	36/52
Evaporator Fin Type	Golden Fin
Condenser Type	copper tube condenser
Maximum Pipe Length	10 F
Turbo Button	Yes
Auto Operation	Yes
Fan Mode	Yes
Auto Restart	Yes
Comfort Cooling	Yes
Timer	Yes
Auto UP-Down Swing	Yes
Auto Left-Right Swing	No
Display Type	LED
Operation/Control	Wireless Remote
Child Lock	Yes
Indoor (mm) [L×W×H]	1013 × 307 × 221
Outdoor (mm) [L×W×H]	848 ×540× 320
Net Weight (Indoor) (Kg)	14/17
Net Weight (Outdoor) (Kg)	39.5/42
Reason to use :
 Gree AC Unit GS-18LM410 1.5 Ton AC will be the best choice for you. It ensures your comfort zone. It’s a cooling system that follows the roles of hygiene
It circulates and filters air by removing pollutants and mold from the air. This is especially important for people who suffer from allergies and asthma because it minimizes the irritants that trigger an attack.
Fewer insects and parasites
The filters that are used here also keep out insects and are far more effective than a screen in an open window. Insects are annoying but they can also be dangerous to people with allergies.
Again you can purchase this original product from one of the most reliable shops in Bangladesh. GREE provides the best product at the cheapest price anywhere in Bangladesh. gree ac official website. gree ac price in Bangladesh. gree ac bd price. gree non inverter ac. Gree 1.5 ton Non Inverter